hi guys in today's tutorial we would
like to show you how you can build a
super simple and super funny elevator
and this concept was made up by this guy
over here why Timmy why and I guess he
will explain now what this is all about
yep
so hello I had an idea of elevator and
pedi made it way faster with this clock
down here so and it basically works like
that there are four Pistons on the sides
and they push all these blocks in the
middle in a circle so it can go through
the elevator and oops and pushes you to
the top so then you go out again okay
now you're here and then you can go down
the other side
yeah works perfect you might know this
concept named si Paternoster that's a
quite basic and old elevator that you
might find an old building still and I
guess we'll now get to the tutorial part
and show you how you can build this to
build this you will need the following
materials six repeater some redstone
dust one comparator two sticky pistons
for normal Pistons some building blocks
and of course for the actual elevator
cells some iron trapdoors because you
can't open them and some fence gates and
you need not a stack of those of course
you just need as many as he wants to
build those cages so we want to start
with the clock that controls the piston
moving the blocks around and therefore
you just goes three blocks below your
floor block place a block with a lever
on top so we can create a clock with a
comparator in substract mode then some
blocks around and put redstone on top
with a repeater so we get a two tick
clock over here and then we can bring
this up later into a staircase was half
slept so we can make it as big as we
want but we want to take care of the
mechanism down below first so we put a
redstone here then a sticky piston with
a block to create a one tick pass out of
this and bring this one tick pads around
into this block and from this block we
want to put two more one tick repeater
so we keep the wanted parts inside and
put it into another
block and on both of those we put
redstone next to this redstone we put
the piston facing upwards and next to
this one we put a block on top of the
lever and then a piston facing to the
site and if we turn this on you can
already see that those two up housing
always alternating so first you have to
build the frame around your elevator so
you can't glitch it out and then you
have to decide how many floors you want
to build we have two right here and the
maximum is three and twenty cages you
have to place one block at the bottom of
each floor then when one trapdoor on top
a fence gate and a iron trapdoor above
soand same on the next level they block
iron trapdoor fence gate trapdoor and a
block here again now to power up the
Pistons that we were placed at the top
to make the blocks spinning in a circle
we want to bring this half slab
staircase up to the top so we can place
the redstone on top therefore just place
some blocks next to it so you have an
easier time bringing this up and then
add one space somewhere in the middle
you want to stop your half slab Tower
put a sticky piston with a block on top
because we need another one take paths
generator and then you can just wire
this up to the person you'll see that
red stones going into it then put
another block next to it a repeater and
from here on we can then power up our
Pistons so one piston will be sitting
right here pushing it over to this side
and up here we want to have one that
pushes the blocks downwards so like this
and then as you can see we need to push
power the piston that faces downwards
first so that's good that we brought it
to the other side now because then we
can just bring up our redstone again in
a half slip staircase like so and power
up the first piston like this and then
just put some blocks next to it to one
take repeaters and a redstone dust
and that's all the redstone already in
place to turn the elevator on for the
first time you have our dirt block and
that piston here so and then you can
click the lever here and your elevator
is working so we hope that you enjoy
today's tutorial if you did then feel
free to leave a like subscribe to my and
Timmy's channel of course and share the
videos with your friends and I hope then
that we'll see you in the next videos
sundered and have a great day